hey guys welcome to their custom Star
Wars figure review today we're going to
take a look at Jeremy Bulloch as Boba
Fett so this idea isn't my original idea
someone else has done it wave for I have
probably around when the legacy
collection was out also that was around
the time these two figures were first
released so anyways for materials you're
going to need one Jeremy Colton figure
from the legacy collection and one
legacy Boba Fett with removable helmet
and to make the custom figure I'll what
to do is swap the heads and as you can
see there is a slight difference in size
with the ball joint so both that's is
bigger so putting on Jeremy's head might
be a bit troublesome so what you can do
here is dip the head inside hot water
and that will soften up the plastic and
make it easier to put on the ball joint
however is possible to attach the head
without using hot water so here he is
Jerry Bullock as Boba Fett so really
awesome idea looks great a really
brilliant where we came up with this
idea but uh yeah very easy and simple to
do no permanent modifications whatsoever
so yeah I really think Hasbro should do
a behind the scenes finger series or a
costume series so of course we would
have Jeremy Bulloch as a Boba Fett with
removable helmet we could also have no
Chewbacca with removable masks and
underneath it have a Peter Mayhew that
sounded really cool also we can have a
new art to figure with removable dome
and inside what we would have a small
figure of Kenny Baker that'd be really
awesome and with characters would like
skin type skin type skin tight masks
like CTO there's no way you can have
that removable we'd have like swappable
heads you know you can choose to have
see PP o--'s head or you can swap it out
for Anthony Daniels head so really cool
idea hopefully has what does this
sometime in the future and yeah
definitely would pick those up but
anyways that's about it for this
customer review not really a review but
more of a how-to but if you want to
review you know for articulation ads on
a ball-joint at bald head shoulders
elbows civil wrists swivel hips polish
knees and ankles and you know that's it
for the review of course with Boba Fett
you have the his signature blaster got a
pistol in the back which is removable we
got the jetpack you got the soft goods
cape so yeah also the helmet does not
fit on Jeremy's head the head is too big
for the helmet but putting on the helmet
would negate the reason of making this
custom so yeah anyways it looks awesome
just pose like this so anyways that's it
for my review and thanks for watching
and as always may the force be with you
you